# Files
test_main.py: Contains 5 unit tests. Four of these are to check that the acceleration, braking, randomization and checkpoint tests from the documentation work. I implemented the other test to make sure my lanes work as intended.

traffic.py: This is where the bulk of the code is located. Contains:
    distance_to_next_car
    distance_to_previous_car
    format_car_array: Takes an array of cars and converts it to a string to print
    calculate_cars: Takes initial car locations and velocities and returns a 2D array containing the positions and velocities of the cars at each iteration.
    calculate_cars_lanes: Same as calculate_cars but with two lanes
    calculate_flows: Creates the flow diagram. Can do this either for a one or two lane road.

main.ipynb: This has code cells to run various algorithms from traffic.py.

main with less points.ipynb: creates the cover plot. has a lot of the same functions as main.ipynb but with a lot less points, to make a smoother curve (prettier plot)

png images: The graphs created.

npy files: Arrays created by cells which take a long time to run. Each of these cells has a "load" cell underneath it, which loads these .npy files which I have saved to after running the cells.

# Code cells main.ipynb which take longer than 1 minute to run
Cells which take longer than 1 minute to run have been labelled with the amount of time they take to run. In all these cases, I have saved the results generated by the cell of code to a NumPy array, which can be loaded by running the "load" cell underneath each one. 

These cells take a long time to run because the code runs for 1000 iterations, for L=400, over 60 different densities. This is to produce the best graph. The variables L, POINTS and ITERATIONS which are above each cell can be decreased for a slightly less smooth graph and much faster running time.

Additionally, despite efforts to make them more efficient, the distance_to_next_car() and distance_to_previous_car() functions still take lots of time to run. For two lanes, the distance to the next cars in each lane as well as the distance to the previous car in the other lane have to be calculated, meaning these functions are called three times as often.
